Aspirin
Generic Name: aspirin (oral) (AS pir in)
Brand Names: Arthritis Pain, Aspir 81, Aspir-Low, Bayer Childrens Aspirin, Durlaza, Ecotrin, Ecpirin, Fasprin, Halfprin, Miniprin
Aspirin is a salicylate (sa-LIS-il-ate).
It works by reducing substances in the body that cause pain,
fever, and inflammation.
Aspirin is used to treat pain, and reduce fever or inflammation.
It is sometimes used to treat or prevent heart attacks,
strokes, and chest pain (angina).

Do not take if you have:
a recent history of stomach or intestinal bleeding;

a bleeding disorder such as hemophilia; or

if you have ever had an asthma attack or severe allergic reaction after
taking aspirin or an NSAID (non-steroidal anti-inflammatory drug) such as Advil,
 Motrin, Aleve, Orudis, Indocin, Lodine, Voltaren, Toradol, Mobic, Relafen, Feldene, and others.
<539>
Neurobion
Neurobion is a brand of supplements that contain a combination of B vitamins. Its manufacturers advertise that Neurobion can help improve nerve function.

Which vitamins do Neurobion products contain?
Neurobion is a supplement that contains a combination of three B vitamins:
vitamin B-1, also called thiamin
vitamin B-6, also called pyridoxine
vitamin B-12
How to take Neurobion
Neurobion is a daily oral nutritional supplement, meaning that a person takes one tablet per day. Swallow the tablet whole with water.
<539>
Paracetamol
 Paracetamol (acetaminophen) is a pain reliever and a fever reducer. The exact mechanism of action of is not known.
Paracetamol is used to treat many conditions such as headache, muscle aches, arthritis, backache, toothaches, colds, and fevers. It relieves pain in mild arthritis but has no effect on the underlying inflammation and swelling of the joint.
Do not use this medication if you are allergic to acetaminophen or paracetamol.
Ask a doctor or pharmacist if it is safe for you to take paracetamol if you have:
liver disease; or
a history of alcoholism;
 Paracetamol dosing information
Usual Adult Paracetamol Dose for Fever:
General Dosing Guidelines: 325 to 650 mg every 4 to 6 hours or 1000 mg every 6 to 8 hours orally or rectally.

Paracetamol 500mg tablets: Two 500 mg tablets orally every 4 to 6 hours
Usual Adult Paracetamol Dose for Pain:
General Dosing Guidelines: 325 to 650 mg every 4 to 6 hours or 1000 mg every 6 to 8 hours orally or rectally.

Paracetamol 500mg tablets: Two 500 mg tablets orally every 4 to 6 hours
<539>
Dolo
What Is Dolo 650?
Dolo 650 is a drug that relieves pain and fever. The active ingredient in this drug is paracetamol. It acts by increasing the pain threshold and blood flow across the skin.
WHAT IS THE USE OF DOLO 650?
This drug is used to treat
·         Headache
·         Fever
·         Joint pain
·         Cold
·         Toothache
·         Cephalalgia
·         Ear pain
·         Flu
·         Post-immunization pyrexia
·         Arthritis
Did You Know?
If you are undergoing 5-HIAA urine test for carcinoid tumours avoid using taking Dolo 650 mg, as the test can turn out to be a false positive.
Is Dolo 650 Safe To Use?
Yes, Dolo 650 is safe for use. However, the following side effects can occur:
•    Feeling of sickness
•    Liver damage
•    Allergic reactions
•    Nausea
•    Shortness of breath
•    Rashes
•    Swollen facial features
•    Skin reddening
•    Asphyxiation
•    Allergen
<539>
 Acnay
Acnay Gel is a combination medicine which may be used for the treatment of acne vulgaris. This medicine is not recommended for use in patients less than 12 years of age.
Side effects
Major & minor side effects for Acnay Gel
•	Application site redness, itching, and burning
•	Scaly skin
•	Rash
•	Dry skin
Uses of Acnay Gel
What is it prescribed for?
•	Acne vulgaris
This medicine may be used in the treatment of acne vulgaris, a long-term skin disease characterized by symptoms such as blackheads, pimples, whiteheads, etc.

Dosage
Missed Dose
Apply the missed dose as soon as you remember. If it is almost the time for your next dose, skip the missed dose. Do not apply a double dose to make up for the missed dose.
Overdose
An overdose of this medicine is not likely to cause severe symptoms unless it is applied for a prolonged period of time in large volumes. However, ingestion of this medicine may cause harm and immediate medical intervention may be required.
<539>
CLINOPAK
USES OF CLINOPAK TABLET
•	Acne
SIDE EFFECTS OF CLINOPAK TABLET
Common
•	Dry skin
•	Erythema (skin redness)
•	Skin peeling
•	Burning sensation at the site of application
HOW TO USE CLINOPAK TABLET
Take this medicine in the dose and duration as advised by your doctor. Swallow it as a whole. Do not chew, crush or break it.
HOW CLINOPAK TABLET WORKS
Clinopak Tablet is a combination of two medicines: Clindamycin and Nicotinamide, which treats pimples (acne). Clindamycin is an antibiotic which works by penetrating into the skin and killing acne-causing bacteria. Nicotinamide is a form of vitamin B. It exerts anti-inflammatory effects when applied to the skin and reduces swelling, redness and tenderness associated with acne.
<539>
Erytop
Erytop 1% Gel is a bacteriostatic antibiotic used for the treatment of acne vulgaris. This medicine is not recommended for use in patients less than 12 years of age.
Side effects
Major & minor side effects for Erytop 1% Gel
•	Dry skin
•	Redness of skin
•	Skin Oiliness
•	Burning, itching, and irritation of the skin
•	Skin peeling
Uses of Erytop 1% Gel
What is it prescribed for?
•	Acne vulgaris
This medicine is used in the treatment of acne vulgaris, a long-term skin disease characterized by symptoms such as blackheads, pimples, whiteheads, etc.
Dosage
Missed Dose
Apply the missed dose as soon as you remember. If it is almost time for your next dose, skip the missed dose. Do not apply a double dose to make up for the missed dose.
Overdose
An overdose of this medicine is not likely to cause severe symptoms unless it is applied for a prolonged period of time in large volumes. However, ingestion of this medicine may cause harm and immediate medical intervention may be required. Symptoms of an overdose may include diarrhea, bloody diarrhea, abdominal pain, etc.
<539>
Isopil-10 Tablet
Description
Isopil-10 Tablet is a naturally occurring derivative of vitamin A and is used for the treatment of severe acne (nodular) non-responsive to other therapies.
Side effects
Major & minor side effects for Isopil-10 Tablet
•	Bone and joint pain
•	Bleeding from nose
•	Scaling, burning, redness, and swelling of skin
•	Nausea and Vomiting
•	Stomach pain
•	Diarrhea
•	Pain and tenderness of eyes
Uses of Isopil-10 Tablet
What is it prescribed for?
•	Acne vulgaris
This medicine is used for the prevention and treatment of severe and painful nodular acne
Dosage
Missed Dose
Skip the missed dose and continue with the regularly scheduled dose. Do not take extra medicine to make up for the missed dose.
Overdose
Contact a doctor immediately if an overdose with this medicine is suspected. Symptoms of overdose may include a headache, dizziness, vomiting, stomach pain, tingling and stinging sensation of the skin etc.
<539>
